2. What are some of the key design philosophies of the Linux operating system?
One important tenant of Linux's design philosophy is the  idea that its users know what they are doing, and should be allotted the maximum possible degree of power and flexibility in configuring and customizing their systems. Whereas Windows and Mac OS's are designed in a way to protect users from inadvertantly sabotaging their OS setup, Linux does not attempt to impose such constraints, as they would also hamper users' ability to customize/optimize their OS.
Another Key philosophy of Linux is grounded in the Open Source nature of its code. Unlike Windows' and Mac's proprietary systems, all of the code of Linux's OS is freely availalbe for anyone to download, modify, or redistribute. As a result, its strength and reliability are grounded in the fact that there is a broad community of volunteers collaborating to iron out problems and find areas for improvement.

3. A virtual private server is a walled-of section of memory acting as its own independent operating system, which can then be used to host web services or perform any of the functions that an operating system would run on a normal computer-based OS. VPS's have the advantage of offering a safe space to experiment with web hosting, or an operating system in general (usually linux), without fear of destroying or damaging one's computer permanently. Another advantage of VPS services is that they are generally cheaper than full dedicated hosting services on a physical server. They are also more easily scalable - as the website being hosted receives increasing amounts of traffic, it is easy using A VPS to upgrade one's VPS plan to accommodate additional memory or hard drive space.

4. The security model that underlies the Linux OS assumes that applications are normally run at the user level, because no single application should need the level of security clearance that root grants (such as far as powers to modify, add or delete files in key locations in the computer). Ordinarily, applications should be able to perform their functions at the user level of security. Logged in as root, all applications are run with root privileges, so viruses and/or buggy applications have the capacity to inflict much greater damage to the system.
